Add Github organization collaborators fetcher (#38)
ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum: arboretum/permissions/README.md

## Fetchers

### Organization Integrity (Repository Collaborators)

> * Class: [GithubOrgCollaboratorsFetcher](https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/blob/main/arboretum/permissions/fetchers/github/fetch_org_collaborators.py)

Reviewer: Put the link down below with the other links to match readme links pattern.

Author: The proposed change was committed.

* Purpose: Writes the details of collaborators in Github organizations to the evidence locker. This fetcher class is only meant for use with Github or Github Enterprise organizations.
* Behavior: For each Github organization specified, an evidence file is stored in the locker containing the collaborators details. If no repositories are specified the fetcher defaults to retrieving the collaborators in all the repositories in the organization. TTL is set to 1 day.
* Configuration elements:
  * `org.permissions.org_integrity.orgs`

>      * Optional

Reviewer: `org.permissions.org_integrity.orgs` isn't optional.

Author: The proposed change was committed.

     * Dictionary:
        * Key: `url` (string)
        * Value: Github organization url (string)
        * Key: `repos` (string) (optional)
        * Value: List of repository names (string) for the Github organization
        * Key: `collaborator_types` (string)

>         * Value: List of collaborator types (string) (Options are `all`, `direct` and `outside`)

Reviewer: Please follow the documentation pattern used [here](https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/tree/main/arboretum/issue_mgmt#github-issues) and [here](https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/tree/main/arboretum/issue_mgmt#zenhub-workspaces).

Reviewer: It seems as though `url` should be required and `repos` and `collaborator_types` should be optional.  Shouldn't the default be "all" and the optional values be limited to "direct" and "outside"?

> * Example (optional) configuration:

Reviewer: Not optional.

```suggestion
* Example configuration:
```

>         * Value: List of collaborator types (string) (Options are `all`, `direct` and `outside`. Default is `all`.)

Reviewer: Looks like you've not applied [this earlier comment](https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/pull/38#discussion_r551936699).

```suggestion
  * `org.permissions.org_integrity.orgs`
     * Required
     * List of dictionaries each containing Github organization retrieval configuration.
        * `url`
           * Required
           * String in the form of `https://github.com/my-org`.
           * Use to define the Github organization where collaborator information will be extracted.
        * `repos`
           * Optional
           * List of strings in the form of `["my-repo", "my-other-repo"]`.
           * Defaults to all repositories in the organization.
           * Use if looking to filter collaborator evidence to a subset of repositories in the organization otherwise do not include.
        * `collaborator_types`
           * Optional
           * List of strings in the form of `["all", "direct", "outside"]`.
           * Valid list element values are `"all"`, `"direct"`, `"outside"`.
           * Defaults to `["all"]`.
           * Use if looking to override retrieval of all collaborators otherwise do not include.
```

Author: The proposed change was committed

  ```json
  {
    "org": {
      "permissions": {
        "org_integrity": {
          "orgs": [
            {
              "url": "https://github.com/my-org-1",
              "repos": ["repo1", "repo2"],
              "collaborator_types": ["all"]
            },
            {
              "url": "https://github.my-company.com/my-org-2",
              "collaborator_types": ["direct", "outside"]
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
  ```

* Required credentials:

>   * `github` or `github_enterprise` credentials with permissions to the repositories are required for this fetcher to successfully retrieve evidence.

Reviewer: `...credentials with permissions to the repositories...` - You should be more clear about what kind of permissions are required for this fetcher to run successfully.

Reviewer: This still needs to be addressed.

Author: Fixed with a link to github repository permissions

## Fetchers

### Organization Integrity (Repository Collaborators)

* Class: [GithubOrgCollaboratorsFetcher][gh-org-fetcher]
* Purpose: Writes the details of collaborators in Github organizations to the evidence locker. This fetcher class is only meant for use with Github or Github Enterprise organizations.

> * Behaviour: For each Github organization specified, an evidence file per collaborator type (affiliation) is stored in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Behavior: For each Github organization specified, an evidence file per collaborator type (affiliation) is stored in
```

To match the rest of the repo.

the locker containing collaborator details for the specified repositories in the organization. The default is to
retrieve all collaborators by affiliation from all repositories in each specified Github organization.  TTL is set to 1
day.
* Configuration elements:
  * `org.permissions.org_integrity.orgs`
     * Required
     * List of dictionaries each containing Github organization retrieval configuration.
        * `url`
           * Required

>            * String in the form of `https://github.<company>.com/my-org`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           * String in the form of `"https://github.com/my-org"` or `"https://github.<company>.com/my-org"`.
```

           * Use to define the Github organization url to use.
        * `repos`
           * Optional
           * List of strings in the form of `["my-repo", "my-other-repo"]`.
           * Defaults to all repositories in the organization.
           * Use if looking to filter collaborator evidence to a subset of repositories in the organization otherwise do not include.
        * `collaborator_types`
           * Optional
           * List of strings in the form of `["all", "direct", "outside"]`.
           * Valid list element values are `"all"`, `"direct"`, `"outside"`.
           * Defaults to `["all"]`.
           * Use if looking to override retrieval of all collaborators otherwise do not include.
* Example configuration:

  ```json
  {
    "org": {
      "permissions": {
        "org_integrity": {

>           "orgs": [
>             {
>               "url": "https://github.com/my-org-1",
>               "repos": ["repo1", "repo2"],
>             },
>             {
>               "url": "https://github.my-company.com/my-org-2",
>               "collaborator_types": ["direct", "outside"]
>             }
>           ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          "orgs": [
            {
              "url": "https://github.com/my-org-1"
            },
            {
              "url": "https://github.my-company.com/my-org-2",
              "collaborator_types": ["direct", "outside"],
              "repos": ["repo1", "repo2"]
            }
          ]
```

To match the devel.json "example".

## Fetchers

### Organization Integrity (Repository Collaborators)

* Class: [GithubOrgCollaboratorsFetcher][gh-org-fetcher]
* Purpose: Writes the details of collaborators in Github organizations to the evidence locker. This fetcher class is only meant for use with Github or Github Enterprise organizations.

> * Behavior: For each Github organization specified, an evidence file per collaborator type is stored in the locker containing the collaborators details of all the repositories in the organization. If no repositories are specified the fetcher defaults to retrieving the collaborators in all the repositories in the organization. If no collaborator types are specified the fetcher defaults to retrieving all the collaborators. TTL is set to 1 day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Behavior: For each Github organization specified, an evidence file per collaborator type (affiliation) is stored in 
the locker containing collaborator details for the specified repositories in the organization.  The default is to 
retrieve all collaborators by affiliation from all repositories in each specified Github organization.  TTL is set to 1 
day.
```

Author: The proposed change has been committed.

* Configuration elements:
  * `org.permissions.org_integrity.orgs`
     * Required
     * List of dictionaries each containing Github organization retrieval configuration.
        * `name`
           * Required
           * String in the form of `my-org`.
           * Use to define the organization to retrieve the collaborators.
        * `host`
           * Optional
           * String in the form of `https://github.<company>.com` for Enterprise GitHub..
           * Defaults to `https://github.com`.

>            * Use to define the Github base url to use.

Reviewer: There's no need to split this up into name and host.  You should return this to just the `url` required field and then in the code you would separate whether it's GH or GHE.  Plus at least then it will be in sync with you example below which is still using `url`.

Author: This was done following the same approach in your [issues fetcher](https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/blob/main/arboretum/issue_mgmt/fetchers/fetch_github_issues.py#L40-L41).
We can discuss it during the call.
Agreed that the example does not match the implementation.

Author: Discussed and fixed to use `url` only

        * `repos`
           * Optional
           * List of strings in the form of `["my-repo", "my-other-repo"]`.
           * Defaults to all repositories in the organization.
           * Use if looking to filter collaborator evidence to a subset of repositories in the organization otherwise do not include.
        * `collaborator_types`
           * Optional
           * List of strings in the form of `["all", "direct", "outside"]`.
           * Valid list element values are `"all"`, `"direct"`, `"outside"`.
           * Defaults to `["all"]`.
           * Use if looking to override retrieval of all collaborators otherwise do not include.
* Example configuration:

  ```json
  {
    "org": {
      "permissions": {
        "org_integrity": {
          "orgs": [
            {
              "url": "https://github.com/my-org-1",
              "repos": ["repo1", "repo2"],
              "collaborator_types": ["all"]
            },
            {
              "url": "https://github.my-company.com/my-org-2",
              "collaborator_types": ["direct", "outside"]
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
  ```

* Required credentials:

>   * `github` or `github_enterprise` credentials with [appropriate permissions to the repositories](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/repository-permission-levels-for-an-organization) are required for this fetcher to successfully retrieve evidence.

Reviewer: Please put this link at the bottom of the page as we do with the rest of the links.

Author: Fixed and committed
